bytesize Work Group intro (#2212)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/bytesize_workgroups_intro.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: nf-core Work Groups'
subtitle: Phil Ewels, Seqera
type: talk
start_date: '2024-02-20'
start_time: '13:00+02:00'
end_date: '2024-02-20'
end_time: '13:00+02:00'
location_url: https://seqera-io.zoom.us/j/5968645264
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize: nf-core Work Groups

> Nf-core is introducing a new way to find people that are interested in the same subject you are: Work Groups. They are meant to bring together developers from adjacent fields to learn from and encourage each other. Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels)) is giving us an overview of all things nf-core Work Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing a brand new nf-core initiative: Work Groups.
The nf-core community is currently organised by pipeline and analysis type, but in practice scientists often use sets of pipelines - and the way that a given pipeline is used can vary across different fields.
Work Groups are a new way for nf-core community members to find others that are interested in the same subject / field, to learn from and encourage each other.

Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels)) is giving us an overview of all things nf-core Work Groups.
```
